Change status command to use /jobs endpoint (#97)
mapbox/tilesets-cli: README.md

### status

> View the status of a tileset. To get more detailed information about a tileset's jobs, including the timestamps of failed and successful jobs, use the `tielsets jobs <tileset_id>` command.

Reviewer: typo tielsets -> tilesets

Maybe we can make the tileset-jobs relationship even more explicit with something like
```suggestion
View the status of the most recent job for a tileset. To get more detailed information about a tileset's jobs, including the timestamps of failed and successful jobs, use the `tilesets jobs <tileset_id>` command.
```
